GAME CHANGER
I, Bobbili Satyamurthy, hereby
swear that I will fulfill
my responsibilities faithfully as
the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh.
[old movie song plays]
Satya, be brave!
You'll be all right.
Hey! What happened?
The flyover has collapsed and
left a hole. We're stuck here.
Slowly.
Come! We have to take
the CM to the hospital.
Step aside!
They had made us all
wait so many times.
Now, there's no space for
even the ambulance to move.
And they are carrying
him on their heads.
There are casualties. Not
sure of the number, sir!
Wonder how many kickbacks were shared
during the bridge construction.
We're losing innocent lives
unnecessarily because of that!
Do you think he'll stay alive
until they reach the hospital?
We'll get the day off
tomorrow if he doesn't, right?
[life support machine
beeping] [fingers snapping]
Huh?
He's... He's gone!
- Did he die?
- Satya!
Sabha Anna...
I'm telling you right
now... I'm the next CM!
I have more seniority than you.
- I'll be the next CM!
- Hey!
This isn't about ancestral
rites to go by seniority!
It's a designation. And I
have the party's support.
You might have the support,
but I have the rights.
- I'm the senior in this party.
- Ugh!
Hey, Naidu? Have you heard?
- My dad just...
- Huh?
Oh no, Dad!
You're politicking
even in the ICU!
Yeah, Naidu.
Dad just had idlis.
I called you to
tell you about that.
Sabha, the sins we've committed
are catching up to us.
We must fix them.
[train horn blares]
[in Hindi] Hey! Stop
the train, you bastard!
- Did you catch him?
- There's no chance of escape, bhai.
- There are five of us.
- Five?!
- I told you to take 10 men!
- Bhai!
IAS officers only get five men.
Company won't sanction
more than that.
You idiot! He became
an IAS officer now.
- What was he before?
- IPS!
[groans in pain]
[in Hindi] Who are you guys?
You stopped the train
and ruined my sleep!
Why did you stop the whole
train just to beat me up?
- Have you lost your minds?
- Hey!
Just a minute.
Loco pilot!
[in Hindi] You may start.
[train honks] Now tell me.
[chanting in unison]
Hey! You destroyed my stuff!
[in Hindi] You're Gutkha
Rajbahadur's man, Chotu, aren't you?
Look, Bhai...
To forego the headache
of police work,
I cleared the exams and
became the collector.
Now, while I'm happily going
home with transfer orders,
it's not nice of
you to disrupt me!
- What's your problem?
- Bhai wanted us to bring you alive!
- Oh! Take me, then.
- [in Hindi] Hey! Get him!
- Have you explored Andhra?
- No, sir.
Happy journey!
Hey!
- Hey!
I'll bury you alive!
What's with these chains
like a carnival bull?
I'm a YouTube star.
I'll show you some shots now!
[phone ringing]
- Bhaiyya!
- [in Hindi] What happened?
- Bhaiyya...
- Chotu?
Hi! In another two hours...
Akal Takht Express will
pass on this very track.
You better get here before that.
If not, all your goons
will rest in piece-piece!
- What will you do if I don't come?
- You won't come?
Alright. The one
sleeping on berth one,
your right-hand man, Chotu. He
knows your contact list and secrets!
- Bhaiyya!
- They will crash!
Welcome, bhai. I heard you
gave them orders to finish me.
Look at them now. They're
unable even to get up!
Akal Takht is approaching!
Please do something!
- Sir, please release Chotu.
- How will I go, then?
I missed my train.
- Sir, you can use my helicopter.
- Huh?
- You can even keep it if you want!
- Oh, really?
- Bribe?
- How can I afford to bribe you, sir?
Here. Take my train ticket.
This is yours, and that is mine.
Pilot! Why are you in a lungi?
They woke me up while
I was sleeping, sir.
Let's go!
[in Hindi] Chotu, don't worry!
Oh, God! Please save me!
"When the glasses come
off, I'm someone like you"
"When the shirt's pulled
up, I'm someone like you"
"When the tie is tossed,
I'm someone like you"
"When the native beats
drop, I'm someone like you"
"When I burned through
my hometown streets"
"It's me, it's me, a
man like you indeed"
"If words are backed by deeds"
"Even you'll see,
you're someone like me!"
"Come on, buddy, buddy, come!"
"For this raw and fiery show, bring
your moves, let's steal the show!"
"Come on, buddy, buddy, come!
Come on, buddy, buddy, come!"
"When you show up, oh my friend,
chaos reigns, it never ends!"
"Come on, buddy, buddy, come!
Come on, buddy, buddy, come!"
"For this raw and fiery show, bring
your moves, let's steal the show!"
"Come on, buddy, buddy, come!
Come on, buddy, buddy, come!"
"When you show up, oh my friend,
chaos reigns, it never ends!"
"In my pocket, jingle a few coins,
they clang like music, a lively noise"
"When I step to the beat, your
whistles sound like a pounding treat"
"At festivals with drumbeats loud, or
Sankranthi fights in the rooster crowd"
"The sweetest treats
at Suramma's shop"
"Memories we'll cherish
till the clock stops"
"Hit flashback, it's all me"
"Flash-forward, it's us to see"
"Come on, buddy, buddy, come!
Come on, buddy, buddy, come!"
"For this raw and fiery show, bring
your moves, let's steal the show!"
"Come on, buddy, buddy, come!
Come on, buddy, buddy, come!"
"When you're here, buddy, it's wild!
A frenzy that never goes mild!"
- Dad!
- Yeah?
- God bless.
- May all evil eyes go away from you.
Especially those of girls.
- How are you, Dad?
- All good.
My son has become our
district's collector.
I'm so proud!
I've seen you as a
policeman and a collector.
Now, I just want to
see you as Chiranjeevi.
- Chiranjeevi?
- What I meant was...
That's how the groom's name is prefixed
in wedding invites. Chiranjeevi Ram!
- I've barely gotten in the door.
- Hey!
How long will you
stay single for her?
Is it wrong for us to wish
for a daughter-in-law?
Why don't you get him married
and fulfill your wish?
So, won't you listen
to your mother?
Mom, you know why
I'm not agreeing.
I'm not interested.
Get him married.
- You also have a life.
- I know I do.
But there's no marriage in it.
I beg you! Please
leave me alone, Mom!
- Think about my situation, brother.
- Dhop!
- Actually...
- Please, brother!
- Agree for her sake, at least.
- No!
- [both] Please, brother!
- Listen, son...
- Please agree!
- So many of us are requesting you.
- Dhop!
- Please, dear!
Dhop!
[siren wailing]
We only have a year
of ruling term.
We must earn a place in history
for ourselves in that short period.
There shouldn't be any
room for injustice.
[indistinct chatter]
All of you must stop all the
settlements, bribes, and rowdyism!
Hey! He started his
squawking. Call the doctor.
No concession to anyone!
You mustn't use the
power for personal gains!
What happened to you suddenly?
We've been doing good
things all these days.
I've earned a good
name in society.
- [laughing]
- [groans]
Sure! No one has done as
many good deeds as you.
You were the one who allotted the contract
for that broken flyover, weren't you?
If it had fallen through a little later,
I'd have become Late Sathyamurthy!
What do you mean you're
doing good deeds?
For every hundred rupees that is
sanctioned, you keep seventy-five!
The officers take fifteen. The public
only gets the remaining ten rupees!
Is this how you rule?
This must change.
Most definitely!
Listen!
The public won't trust us because
we're suddenly impartial this year!
How would it look if we admitted that
we were very partial all these days?
The Central Government
will sue us!
IT department, CBI, and Enforcement
Directorate will also join the chorus.
We'll all be ruined!
Is this necessary?
You enjoyed the
payoffs... Now pay for it!
Face the consequences! Handle
it and clear your names!
Wow! For your own credit,
you want to ruin the lives of
24 Ministers, 115 MLAs and
lakhs of party members!
The trusting voters are more
important to me than the party!
[indistinct chatter]
I'll be Chief Minister
for another year.
A single mistake is enough
to end not just your political
career but also your personal life!
Oh, God. Hope this girl
doesn't think ill of me.
Rascal!
Why are you side walking beside
me instead of walking straight?
Hey! I've heard of winking,
what is this side-eyeing?
Shameless! Smack
him! Smack him well!
- [indistinct voices]
- Please forgive me, everyone!
I was born sideways
from my mother's womb.
I even walked sideways
while taking my first steps.
I can only see from the side.
It's become a habit to look
from the side while I walk.
I'm a peon in the
Collector's office.
- Thank you.
- Welcome, sir.
- Namaste! Thank you.
- Side, side, side!
Welcome, sir. I'm the
peon, side Satyam.
- Welcome, sir.
- Thank you.
Side Satyam, not because I
take bribes on the side, sir.
I'm a straightforward person,
sir. Only my body moves sideways.
[all laughing]
I'll call you Satyam.
Call everyone, including the DRO,
RDO, Deputy Collector, and Tahsildar
to my chambers immediately.
What are the major
problems in this district?
Who is behind those problems?
- I need a list right away!
- Sure, sir.
- I'll compile it in a week.
- Satyam...
Hold his promotion for a year.
- Okay, sir.
- Sir!
They better assemble
here tomorrow!
That's it. Exit!
Boss, the Minister is here!
- Greetings, boss.
- Stop the sand mining!
Hey! Everyone leave!
No more mining sand here.
- Leave, guys!
- Go away! Quickly!
Hey! Dad shouldn't know about
this illegal sand mining.
Any problem, brother?
The problem is... he
survived instead of dying!
He wants us to do good for
the society from now on.
How can he do that
with you by his side?
Hey!
If my father were alive,
he'd have become the CM even
if he had to kill for it!
After him,
I'd have gotten the post!
He died without a heads-up.
I'm living at the
mercy of this fellow
and calling this
foster father "Dad!"
On one side, there's this guy
proclaiming that we should only do good,
and on the other is my useless brother,
just waiting to get me caught somehow!
It's all my bad luck!
I want to become the CM
despite these obstacles!
So, let's pretend to
be good for a few days.
We'll continue our bad
deeds carefully. Yeah?
I said no sand mining
during the mornings.
- Night mining is up to you, okay?
- Okay.
Brother, the new collector
wants to meet you tomorrow.
Me?
[all] Hello, sir!
- Is everyone here?
- Yes, sir.
Beyyam Bhima Rao, mall
Malleswar Rao, sand Simha!
Paan Papa... Rao.
Who is absent from this list?
Daal Dharma Rao,
parking Sattayya,
leather factory Sukkaram
Seth, bar Muthu Kutty!
Find these four,
wherever they are!
Arrest them under
sections 104, 305, 212!
They should stay behind bars
for at least two months!
Yes, sir.
All injustice must stop!
Everyone must become good!
These aren't very practical.
Let's say an elephant eats a
hundred morsels when it's hungry.
It won't be a huge loss if
it eats one less mouthful.
But thousands of ants can
fill their tummies with it.
That's all I'm
asking from you guys.
Reduce your fraud.
Close down a couple
of businesses.
Take profits without rowdyism.
Let the public lead
a peaceful life.
What is this? Who
begs like this?
- What did he want?
- The collector is hungry.
He wanted a morsel of rice.
What will he do if we refuse?
- Is the bus here, Satyam?
- Ready, sir!
Get them all on the bus.
- Bus? Why?
- Everyone! Get up!
Come for a ride!
All RDOs and DROs
get on this bus!
Businessmen and criminals,
come to this bus!
Sir, have you
arrested all of us?
[stomach rumbling]
Hey, Virochanam,
shut up and get in!
Buddy, I never thought
you'd become a collector!
I knew for sure... that
you'd become a criminal!
- Hey!
- Quickly!
- Satyam.
- Sir!
- Collect everyone's phones.
- Okay, sir!
Phones, phones, phones!
Which is the first stop, sir? Oil
Appa Rao or tea powder Subba Rao?
- Beyyam Bhima Rao!
- Okay, sir. Right, right!
[stomach rumbling]
- Beyyam!
- What?
It's your elimination round!
You'll not find a black mark on
any block in Bhima Rao's godown!
This one has 1,500 sacks of
Chitti Mutyalu variety rice.
How is it, sir?
- Pearly!
- Yeah.
This is B block, sir.
867 sacks of Nellore
Molagolukulu.
How's the taste, sir?
- Like Konaseema coconut!
- Thanks!
Shall I send ten
sacks to your house?
- Bribe?
- For lunch.
- Lunch, my foot!
- Huh?
- Beyyam?
- What?
How many mouse traps
did you set up?
Mouse! Mouse trap!
Where are they?
Hey! Where are the mouse traps?
I don't know.
- Hey, Beyyam!
- Sir!
You have such a big godown
with so many rice sacks.
How can you not
have mouse traps?
We never have mice, sir.
So we never have any
need for the traps.
- Isn't it, guys?
- [both] Yes, sir!
Gold has more value, while
fake gold has more shine!
Your rice is shining, Bhima Rao!
When the Government sends 100
lorries of rice to ration shops,
40 of those lorries
end up in your godown.
You're adding chemicals to the colorless
ration rice costing one rupee a kilo,
polishing it, calling it fine rice
and selling it at 60 rupees a kilo!
Even the mice died after eating
this rice filled with chemicals!
They stopped coming
to your godown!
If the mice are dying, then imagine
the fate of people eating this rice!
Eat rice to survive, Bhima Rao!
You'll die a painful death
if you eat chemicals!
Sir!
Who's the civil supply officer
that approved the permit for this?
Civil Srinivas Rao.
I've seen officers
who take action, sir.
But this is the first time I'm
seeing someone take double action!
Mall Malleswar Rao!
- Greetings, sir.
- You already wished this morning, right?
Satyam, bring in
the fire engine!
There hasn't been any
fire accident here, sir.
Tell them to go to
parking level five.
It's difficult,
sir. It won't pass.
You've built ten floors. How will you
manage in case of a fire accident?
Don't you know you must make provisions
for the passage of a fire engine?
You own 18 malls in our state.
One burned down recently and
37 people lost their lives.
Because there wasn't enough space
for the fire engine to enter!
My malls were all inaugurated
by Mopi Devi, sir!
I'll close them down!
Will you seal it?
Who will seal this?
We'll demolish it down!
Hello, Mr. Collector!
You might have the authority to seal it,
but not the right to demolish it, sir!
We know the rights and rules.
- Do you know the Disaster Management Act?
- Which act?
Disaster Management Act!
I can demolish this building
according to that act.
I didn't understand.
Earthquake-prone high-risk areas
are divided into five types.
This mall falls under no.
4 severe intensity zone.
But the construction is done
according to no. 2
low-intensity zone norms.
We need to raze it
down immediately.
Did you send a notice, sir?
If you had, I'd have
gotten a stay order!
According to the Disaster Management
Act, I don't have to give you any notice.
It'll take you at least a
week to demolish this mall.
See what I'll do
in the meantime!
Ready, sir. We'll
finish it in 30 seconds.
- Go ahead.
- Sir.
- Hey, wait!
- Boys!
- I'll call the Minister.
- Go right ahead!
The number you're calling
is either not answering,
or not within network
coverage area!
Sir, everyone should stay
at least 200 meters away.
- Evacuate.
- Move, move, move!
- Get ready, folks!
- Let's run!
Sir, all set.
Go ahead.
Tear down.
Sir, it's a mega
blockbuster on opening day!
What shall we do?
Will you stop?
- Or shall I come to every stop and...
- Oh no, sir!
No need. You'll become tired.
Go home and rest, sir.
- Satyam.
- Sir?
Who begs like this?
Take the bus to his stop.
Sir, no! No need, sir. I
made a mistake. Forgive me!
Sir, they'd have understood
the seriousness of this series
after these two episodes!
- They'll stop, sir.
- [all] We'll stop, sir!
If you don't, this bus may appear
at your compound at any time!
[all] No need, sir! No need!
Smile please!
[camera captures]
- Cheers!
- [all] Cheers!
He should've been like Rama,
standing beside his wife, Sita.
Instead, he's standing alone like
Lord Anjaneya at Hanuman Junction!
- So sad!
- It's hurtful, brother!
Why do you refuse
to get married?
Will you tell us the back story?
- Shouldn't I?
- No.
Please tell us, brother.
Ten years ago...
- Hey!
- The girl's name...
My love story began
due to my anger.
Selling cannabis in
college itself is wrong,
but you've actually
started cultivating it!
Hey! Do you know
who my backer is?
I know all about your
political connections.
Go tell your backer that your
attacker will not back out!
It's also my anger that
led to our first meeting.
- Are you Professor K.P.?
- Yes.
- Hey!
How dare you sexually
abuse students?
Hey! Idiot! What are you saying?
Who are you? A failed student?
Is he taking you along
promising a passing grade?
Ugh! Shut up!
- He's my father.
- Father?
Let's talk to the daughter, then.
Did you not teach your dad manners?
How could you behave so cheaply
when you have a daughter yourself?
- Dad!
- What does K.P. mean?
- Hey, stop!
- Kondari P...
Which K.P. are you
looking for? Ortho or ENT?
Uhh... Ortho? ENT?
I don't know.
ENT department also
has a Professor K.P.
Yes, bro! He's a weirdo. This
professor isn't like that.
Sir...
You hit him without confirming if
he's the person you were looking for!
I'll teach you a lesson!
- Dad! Call the police!
- Ma'am...
P... police? Sir, no need
to involve the police!
Sorry! Sorry, sir!
Police station?
Basically, you won't
find a gem like Ram.
But if he gets angry,
he'll be the worst rowdy!
Please withdraw
your case, ma'am.
- [both] Please, ma'am.
- No way!
Please, Deepika. At least understand
the reason why he came to beat K.P.
That day, K.P. sir saw
Shiva dropping me off.
Who is he?
Chemistry outside the lab, huh?
Sir! Mind your words!
You're my professor!
Exactly! Your sir is a
Chemistry gold medalist.
How to reach new heights
in endocrinology...
Where to touch to
generate endorphins...
I'll teach you all the
chemistry, I mean bio-chemistry!
You pervert! Do you have no respect
for your age and profession?
You've worked hard day and night
to get this seat and study here.
You want to finish
your studies, right?
I can make you stay right
here for years and years!
Got it, baby?
Thank you very much!
I'm sorry so much!
Sorry. Sir... Sorry, sir.
No need? You look just
like Kamal Hassan!
Kamal Hassan, with a swollen face
from the Drohi movie climax, sir!
- Your name?
- Deepika.
Are you the only Deepika
in your department?
Bye, Deeps.
Bye, Kamal sir!
Done! We'll plan
together then...
You want to produce
endorphins in girls?
I'll ensure you can't
produce anything!
Even though I was good, she
still considered me an angry guy!
- Hi, Deeps.
- You hit that professor now, huh?
Yes, ma'am. I'm feeling a
little guilty for hurting you.
- Oh!
- That feeling has gone deep inside me
and grown so big that
it's bothering me!
I can't even sleep. Believe me!
- What is it?
- I'm not sure.
- Love, huh?
- What?
How can you just
come out and say it?
Mister! Get away from me
if you have any such ideas!
You and I don't suit.
- Why not?
- I can't be with an angry guy like you.
In any situation, you hit
first and ask questions later.
I'll leave it behind. I'll
change myself for you!
I'll change. I have changed!
From today, I'll not get
angry about anything.
Gums!
Chix!
Gumthax! Yeah!
Hey, Gums! Have
some more Gumthax!
- Ram, stop!
- Why are you hitting him?
Why were you ogling at her?
- Ram!
- I'll stab your eyes out!
- I'll stab them and kill you!
- Ram! What are you doing?
He's hitting me.
- Control, control, control.
- Cool, cool.
Thanks, Sweety.
Not again!
What happened? Take
your hand off his shirt.
Leave me.
Sir, this idiot was
ogling at this girl.
Sir, they say,
it's called looking if you watch
a girl for just a few seconds.
It's only stalking if it
exceeds that! I'm not a stalker!
- I'll smash your face in!
- What is he saying?
- It's a fact, sir.
- Is there such a thing?
- I don't know, sir.
- Call P.P. and ask him.
- Okay, sir.
- My dear?
- Yeah?
- Did he pull your hand?
- No, sir.
- I don't touch girls.
- Did he try to misbehave?
- No, sir.
Not my type!
He said you can arrest a guy if he stares
at a girl for more than a few seconds.
- A police commission said so.
- Oh, really?
- What?
- That's it!
Hey! Be quiet!
If someone is ogling at
your wife for a few seconds,
will you forgive him, sir?
No one can look at her
for more than a second!
- It's true, sir.
- My condolences!
Hey! Is that why you come here?
I'll thrash you!
If I catch you staring at girls,
I'll pluck your eyes out! Get lost!
- [singing random Telugu song]
- Sorry, my boy.
- When did you see my wife?
- While dropping off vegetables, sir.
I will cut it off!
Excuse me!
Tell me what to do.
Dhop!
What's that?
If a problem arises,
which is more important?
Getting angry about
it or solving it?
Solving it, of course!
Then, drop your
anger saying, "Dhop!"
My dad and I keep having fights.
- We have arguments.
- I see.
In that instance, what's more
important? Argument or Dad?
Dad!
So, I immediately drop
my anger saying, "Dhop!"
You can also try this trick.
Just watch.
I'll drop all my
anger, like "Dhop!"
Wait, wait. Stop!
What happened, sir?
Sir, why are you taking my key?
There's no free left here.
You can't make a
turn as you please!
No free left?! Why isn't
there a board, sir?
Look over there.
- What is that?
- It's a board.
You understood?
Pay the fine now.
How will I know when the
board has fallen, sir?
- Pay up.
- I won't!
- I won't let you go.
- I won't pay!
I won't let you go!
What happened, sir?
I asked him to pay the
fine and he's dancing!
"Everybody anybody whattettu do"
"The angry bird
swoops down fast"
"Anger's fire
dances on his nose"
"All the springs
within him burst forth"
"He creates dance"
"His steps flow like
a gentle breeze"
"Smoke curls and hums a
haunting tune in the ears"
"He turns rage into
rhythm, a fiery melody"
"Angry rap!"
"Katha Katha, Kathakali"
"Delhi Belly, Masakali"
"His words explode
like stars in the sky"
"A double dose of
chilly powder!"
"His anger spills
like a river untamed"
"He sets free his
rage, a tidal wave"
"A quiet storm
brews deep within"
"This is the angry rap!"
"After a fight get up and dance"
"If your heart is
free get up and dance"
"If you've waited
long get up and dance"
"Control the anger"
"No matter what the
anger doesn't suffice"
"Be a free bird!"
"Don't bring all the fire!"
"Angry, angry, angry rap!"
What's this, buddy? Did he go
mad falling in love with you?
I read somewhere that one can
control their anger by dancing.
I made an effort to reduce
my anger. She liked it.
Buddy, she told him to plop her!
- Plop her!
- She said to plop down the anger.
[indistinct chatter]
- Hey, loafer!
- Talking to me, brother? Tell me.
You hit me that day. Try again!
Hitting is wrong, brother.
We're all friends here.
- Oh?
- Yeah.
- Super, brother.
- Thank you. See you!
Hey, Jako!
- Hey!
- Dhop!
- Don't you have any anger in you?
- No, I don't!
- Hey, tweety bird!
- That's right! Get lost!
Hey, tweety bird!
- You really didn't get angry?
- Nope.
I've become spineless now.
I'll become even tamer for you!
- Bye.
- See you, Deeps. Bye!
Hey!
You!
How dare you call me Jako?
Me.
- Who's a tweety bird now?
- Me. Me.
Ram, your anger is valid.
But hitting isn't the solution.
Should I just let them go
even if they commit crimes?
Don't let them go.
Channelize your anger.
You shouldn't exhibit your
anger, but execute it.
If you just show your anger
like a common Ram Nandan,
it'll cause trouble for
you and your loved ones.
Execute your anger
like an officer.
It'll give you the chance
to fix even bigger crimes!
Your anger will
earn you respect.
You study IAS.
- Okay. Why not IPS?
- Hmm.
With your anger, if
you also get a uniform
you'll just keep killing
all criminals in encounters!
Look, if you ever become an IPS
officer, I'll never speak to you again!
Don't forget!
I prepared for IAS.
I missed it by six marks.
They selected me for IPS.
She stopped talking to me.
No contact.
She'd left town by the time
I returned from training.
I don't even know
where she went.
I couldn't find her despite
searching far and wide.
I kept taking the IAS exam
every year for her sake.
I finally finished it now.
Brother!
I know this girl, Deepika.
What?
She used to teach Pharmacology.
- Do you know where she lives?
- Actually...
Yeah?
- Yeah!
Actually...
- Tell me where Deepika lives!
- Harsha wake up.
- Hey!
- Hey, Harsha!
- [all] Hey!
- Brother...
It'll be evening by
the time he sobers up.
Hey! It's the collector!
Boss, the collector
is raiding this place.
Let him come.
We'll crush him with lorries.
Hail Sania Mirza!
Why isn't he coming inside?
If you don't get it,
how can we, boss?
Sir, they're revving engines
over there. What should we do?
Let's take some rest.
Boss!
We're revving, but all
we're getting is smoke.
But he's not coming in.
We're running out of diesel.
Can I switch off the
engine for a while?
He's scared. Turn it off.
[snoring]
How can you sleep with all
the chaos from the raids?
Sir, this is the most chaotic raid
I've seen in my entire career.
Get some tea.
What's he doing?
- He's drinking ginger tea.
- What's his idea?
He'd have told us if he knew.
- Sir, it's 6 p.m. Can we leave?
- Yes.
[indistinct chatter]
Take the vehicle to
Anakapalli police station.
Okay, sir.
- Why, sir?
- To the police station?
We are arresting
all of you, sir.
Hey! Get down.
- Hey, sit down!
- Sit down!
I'll shoot if you guys move.
Boss, they are
taking our workers.
Boss, not just here.
They have arrested more than 500 people
from the neighboring 12 villages.
I'm busy. I'll call you later.
Sir.
Why have you registered
a case against our guys?
I didn't, sir.
The collector has booked
everyone under the Goonda Act.
Are you the SP or him?
The collector has the
authority to arrest anyone.
Why are you standing
there in a coat?
Go and get everyone out.
We can't do it.
If they're granted bail
under the Goonda Act,
it will take at least a year.
What's more, the collector
has filed the case.
You should approach the High Court
if you want a different verdict.
It will cost you 10 lakh rupees.
Just 10 lakhs, right? Give him.
It's 10 lakhs per person, sir.
Boss, it's only 10 lakhs
per person. Let's pay up.
Come here. Closer.
I can't stand people who don't
appreciate the value of money.
500 people. 10
lakhs per person.
Can you calculate without
using the calculator?
Get people from other villages
and get to work. Go.
Did he tell you
Deepika's location?
Hey! Tell me. Where
is it? Where is it?
- Where is she?
- I'll say it, brother.
Ammor oldage home,
Vijayanagaram.
Deepika will be inside.
Tell her I'm here and
ask her to step out.
Who's Deepika?
It's me! What do you want?
Vizag Collector Ram Nandan
is here to meet you.
He's eagerly waiting for you.
- Ask him to come inside.
- Okay.
Can everyone please
move to the hall?
Sir, she asked you
to come inside.
Ask her to come here.
Ma'am, he asked you
to come outside.
I'm not the one
who came searching!
If he thinks it's important,
ask him to come in.
Okay.
Dhop!
Are you angry?
I've set my anger
aside to be here.
What's this, sir?
Won't you come inside?
Will you just leave if
I ask you to come in?
- Yes. I got it.
- Me too.
Sir is a bigshot collector now.
- You're showing your status.
- No, Deepika.
It's not that.
I'm letting go of my
ego and inviting you in.
Come, Collector sir.
No.
Let's talk right here.
Hey! Deepika!
I'm Sundaram.
Kalyana Sundaram, IAS.
Vijayanagaram
District Collector.
What's up with you?
Why are you looking elsewhere when
a collector is talking to you?
Sir, what's the matter?
If a district collector has
to step foot in a district,
he should have Chief
Secretary's permission.
The collector ought to have the common
sense not to come here without permission.
So, from today onwards,
you are jobless.
I'm helpless!
Write the suspension letter.
I didn't cross the district.
Hello! This is not your
Vishakhapatnam district.
Vijayanagaram district.
Kalyana Sundaram's district.
What's up with you?
Why are you focused on Vishakhapatnam
while you're in Vijayanagaram?
- Kalyana Sundaram sir?
- Yes.
Look there.
Ask him to look towards me.
Please look there.
I saw. What's there?
Survey stone. It looks
just like your face!
Hello.
Hey! That's my jeera water.
Vijayanagaram district starts
from the other side of this line.
Oh?
I'm still in my Vizag!
You crossed Vijayanagar
and entered Vizag.
Write up the suspension
order in your sir's name.
Hey! Are you writing it?!
Do you want to send me
off? Useless fellow.
I'll retire in six months.
I'll go on my own, anyway.
What's the urgency?
Don't insist.
My dear friend.
Please, sir.
Know your borders
before you retire.
"Dhop... Dhop!"
"Whakka, wacka, wacka,
wacka, what say Dhop!"
"Laka, laka, laka,
laka, let's say Dhop"
"For a happy, happy life
the micro-mantra is Dhop!
"Loved ones upset?
Arguments? Dhop!"
"Always the loser
in anger? Dhop!"
"For every kind of stress
the instant fix is Dhop!"
"Don't worry, don't worry
enough of the injury"
"Tell all the
negative vibes, Dhop!"
"Bakery, bakery, oh no, the calories
tell that teddy bear tummy, Dhop!
"Chatting, browsing, stealing time
tell your phone's robbery, Dhop!"
"Disturbing memories, ego, and jealousy
overthinking pain? Just say, Dhop!"
"If you're coming, you're
coming everybody Dhop!"
"When you're with me, you're
with me everything is Dhop!"
"If you look at me, look at
me stress just goes, Dhop!"
"When you smile at
me myself goes Dhop!
"Let's keep meeting let
the interval go Dhop!"
"Let's keep touching the
hesitation can go Dhop!"
"The distance between
our lips? Dhop that too!"
"And for my villain, your
dress? A big fat Dhop!"
"Whakka, wacka, wacka,
wacka, what say Dhop"
"Laka, laka, laka,
laka, let's say Dhop"
"For a happy, happy life
the micro-mantra is Dhop!"
We prayed to Goddess Ankalamma
for your good health.
Prepare for the carnival.
No one's coming, boss.
Not just to mine sand from the river, no
one's coming even to wipe their backs.
He demolished the shopping mall
and sealed down the rice godown.
The collector threw our
own dirt back at us.
Side Satyam speaking.
The minister is here. He
asked for the collector.
The collector is in BP.
He said he won't come.
Hey! Why do you guys keep
following me everywhere?
Hey, Collector!
Whenever a minister calls, the
Collector must present himself.
You know the rules. Right?
Among the people at the
guest house with you,
five are accused.
I'm the district magistrate.
If I come there,
for providing a safe
haven to the five accused,
I have to take
action against you.
That's why I didn't come there.
I want to talk to you.
I'm busy. Wait outside.
All of you sit down.
You seriously want
me to wait outside?
The High Court has
ordered a peace committee
to be formed to
resolve their issues.
I'll send a report to the court
saying the minister obstructed
the formation of
the peace committee.
- Is it fine?
- What?
- Is it a buildup?
- Will you wait?
Shall I type the report?
Please.
Get up!
Hey! Go there. How many
times should I repeat it?
[indistinct chatters]
[music mutes voices]
Only you can enter.
You have registered the
Goonda Act on our guys.
You have the right to
do so as a collector.
As a minister, I have
the right to revoke it.
Revoke it.
Write it on a paper
and give it to me.
Are you asking me to
give a written statement?
I've filed an official
case against you guys.
You should pass
an official order.
Give a written statement.
I got it, dude.
You did?
Write it down, dude!
Dude?!
Dude for dude! Sir for sir!
Hey!
Do you know who you
are speaking to?
Finance and Mines Minister.
Son of the Chief Minister.
The next chief
minister of this state.
After all, you are
just a collector!
After all, collector?!
Do you know who a collector is?
District's first citizen.
District Magistrate.
District Election Officer.
Parliament election R.O.
District Administrator.
Census Officer.
Municipal Supervisor.
Land records, land revenue,
land acquiring, farmer loans,
home loans, and
old age pensions.
Officer for all of
these... is the collector.
Hey! Do you know
what politics is?
Do you know the
power of a minister?
Enlighten me.
We should write it for you!
You know politics.
We know the Constitution.
You know how to rig.
We know how to rule.
You know how to pass
government orders.
We know how to create
those government orders.
You won elections on the
basis of money power.
I'm here thanks to my education,
which is beyond the reach of money.
Your signature is
just at the bottom.
All the content on
the top is ours.
You're nothing without an
IAS officer by your side.
The one who stands beside you
and adds value. Your No. 1.
IAS.
You will remain a minister
for just five years.
I'm an IAS until my death.
I have other
responsibilities to handle.
Now, could you please excuse me?
- Kill him before he reaches home.
- Boss?
- Kill him! Kill him! Kill him!
- Boss...
What are you talking about?
Everyone knows we
visited his office.
We will be exposed
if we kill him now.
You have to become the Chief
Minister in the future.
What's up, Collector sir?
You're coming to Pakistan?
Will you cross the
border or come directly?
Chief Secretary permission.
My border is the
line you've drawn.
You're the only person to visit your
girlfriend with a government order.
Were you ever in love, Satyam?
I was, sir. It was
one-sided love!
Why did you disappear
without informing sir?
My father didn't accept Ram.
I didn't want to marry. I
came here to start a home.
But Ram wrote IAS exams for me.
I didn't expect him to come
to Vizag as a collector.
You always keep asking
me why I didn't marry.
- I was waiting for him.
- God bless you.
Mom, meet Ram. The one
I'm going to marry.
What's all this?
Parvathamma suffered a shock and
her central nervous system failed.
She can't make direct
eye contact with anyone.
She's mentally
disturbed as well.
She was in a small village in
Srikakulam. An NGO brought her here.
She feels sad reading about the
injustices in the newspapers.
She submits every problem as a
petition to the Chief Minister.
She has written a
sensible petition.
The Chief Minister will be in Vizag
tomorrow for the Vishwas Diary function.
I'm in charge of the
protocol for the event.
Take me to that function.
To the Honorable Chief Minister for
naming me Chairman of Vishwas Dairy,
[crowd cheering]
and Minister Mopi Devi for
nominating me for this position,
I'll be indebted for life.
[crowd applause and cheering]
The Honorable Chief Minister
Sathyamurthy will now say a few words.
[crowd cheering]
Hey, CM!
I have sent multiple
petitions to you.
Did you solve a single problem?
I also sent a petition
regarding his sand mines.
Yet, you granted him a
ministerial position.
Hey! Take that old woman away.
- Hey!
- Stop!
Can someone assist
her onto the stage?
What's up, Sathya?
Are you good?
Hey! Is this how you talk
to the Chief Minister?
Salt.
Are you still eating salt?
Hey!
- You old wretch.
- Sorry, sir.
She's mentally unwell.
Tell me, ma'am.
He's earning by adulterating
children's milk with baking soda.
You are giving ministerial
positions to killers.
Your sins are increasing.
These sins will kill you.
If we let a lunatic speak,
this is the result.
She doesn't know
how to lie, sir.
- Who are you?
- I'm a doctor, sir.
A lot of people in this
district have kidney problems
due to urea
contaminating the milk.
Milk adulteration is leading
to nephrological disorders.
They are impacting
their brain and bones.
They are kids, sir.
Shall we kill them?
They don't have
voting rights. Right?
This is a growing trend
within the educated class.
Milk contains urea.
Eggs contain plastic.
Noodles have a straw.
Something else contains poison.
Many scientists are
spreading rumors.
They are creating
new confusion. And...
Is she telling the truth?
Yes, sir.
We tested all the milk samples.
There are high levels of caustic
soda, hydrogen peroxide, formalin,
vegetable oils and...
Mr. Ram, will you
please keep quiet?
- Sir, the CM...
- What do you mean by "keep quiet"?
- Why did you invite us onto the stage?
- Hey!
You!
Dad!
Why are you listening to
this mad woman's ranting?
Hey! What's up with you?
You're pretending to be sincere by
showing the files to the Chief Minister.
Hey! Come on.
All of them belong to the
opposition party Paytm batch.
Just wait. Hey... Move!
- Mind your words.
- Get lost!
[indistinct voices]
I'm a minister.
How dare you hit me?
I laid hands on you
because you are a minister.
- I would have answered others with a kick.
- Hey!
How dare you lay your
hands on a minister?
- Arrest him.
- Sir.
Wait. Mopi Devi.
It's wrong.
Apologize to them.
I'm telling you.
Ask for forgiveness.
Sorry.
Please forgive me, ma'am.
You are unworthy of forgiveness.
I, Bobbili Sathyamurthy...
As Chief Minister
of Andhra Pradesh...
Do solemnly pledge...
He assaulted me
publicly on the stage.
You let him go and
made me apologize.
After all, to a woman.
Why are you silent, Dad?
Take some action against him.
Would anyone value my words
if I became Chief Minister?
Sabha.
For attacking the minister, call
for the suspension of the collector.
That's it!
Dear, you're pretending to
follow all the legal procedures.
I'm dismissing you...
as a minister.
- Hi.
- Why are you disappointed?
The system should be ashamed
for losing someone like you.
I'm not upset about
the suspension.
I have already raised this issue
with the IAS Officers' Association.
I will return to that chair
with complete clarity.
But everything I halted
will begin again.
They will resume their
corrupt practices.
Everything will stop
the moment you're back.
Let's use this time to
prepare for our wedding.
Can I say something?
For the first time,
I admire your anger.
I know you'll hit him, even if
it's a minister who touches me.
But you hit him forgetting
your position as a collector.
I love you, Ram.
"My dear, my beloved,
my precious one!"
"Something has stirred within
me, is it because of you?
"Oh dear, oh unique one,
my extraordinary beloved!"
"My skin tingles with excitement,
my senses are awakened by you!"
"This moment is all about
surrendering to you and myself"
"Restless feeling is like a
love-struck arrow piercing my heart!"
"My beauty feels complete,
when you are by my side!"
"I shine like a diamond,
when you are closer to me!"
"My virtues multiply,
when you are with me"
"I become an even better
person when you stay near me!"
"I see wonders I've
never, witnessed before"
"The skies seem like flower canopies,
the lands appear like milky streams!"
"Moving colors look like a dance,
even the winds feel magical!"
"Are these unheard of islands,
meant for you and me?"
"Today, even handkerchiefs turn
into flags celebrating our love!"
"Oh, what a wonder! The rivers flow
as if singing songs of humanity!"
"Soul without bodies are lost,
in love like shooting stars!"
"Once upon a time, at this
moment began our story!"
"My beauty feels complete,
when you are by my side!"
"I shine like a diamond,
when you are closer to me!"
"My virtues multiply
when you are with me"
"I become an even better
person when you stay near me!"
- Sabhapathy, I want to talk to you.
- Tell me.
Dad?
I'm removing you, not just
from the minister's post
but also from the party.
You are no longer
affiliated with the party.
- I've dedicated a lot to the party.
- It doesn't matter.
Wrongdoers have no
place in the party.
I'm your successor. Right?
The hand that
pollutes the people
has no right to salute the flag.
Dad, from a young age,
I've dreamed of becoming
the Chief Minister.
I must sit in the
Chief Minister's chair.
I must remain there
until my last breath.
When I die, my last rites should
not be performed on my pyre.
Once I take the Chief
Minister's chair,
I will issue a government
order and die peacefully.
Dad! Please, Dad.
Please grant me
another opportunity.
Why are you so
obsessed with power?
I cannot live without power.
If you stay in power,
the country cannot live.
Wrong! Wrong! Wrong!
I made a mistake.
Please forgive me once.
- I will never make a mistake again.
- Hey.
You will never change.
Haven't you changed, Dad?
I will also change.
Please, believe me, Dad.
Please, Dad!
Please believe me, Dad.
Dad, Please!
You closed your eyes, Dad.
Did you take the Chief Minister's
chair with you to the grave?
You should have handed
it over when I asked.
Dad! Dad! Dad!
- Sathya.
- Doctor.
He's not moving, Doctor.
Is he dead?
Oh, no. Is he no more?
I'm sorry.
Dad!
- Shall we announce it, sir?
- No.
Announce after it's decided that,
I will be the next Chief Minister.
I can wait forever. I'll keep
the body here with Zandu balm.
- It's called embalming.
- Some kind of bombing!
- Shut up!
- Manikyam!
- At a time like this...
- It has to happen now.
Confirm either me or him
as the Chief Minister.
- Call for a meeting.
- Yes. Arrange a meeting.
- Arrange it right away.
- Do it.
Arrange an general body meeting.
- The people are devastated.
- What are you talking about?
Arrange it here itself.
Take him in Brother.
Boss, this is a special
mixture. Have it.
[indistinct voices]
Please be quiet for
a while, everyone.
If the elder son looks after
the party responsibilities,
the younger son will take care
of government responsibilities.
Hey! Boomer.
Use your experience
to guide him.
Just six months, right?
The elections are approaching.
Let's see what happens.
He takes the fruit,
and I get the peel?
- It's not that.
- I won't agree.
- Chief Minister Magadheera Munimanikyam.
- All hail!
- It won't happen.
- Chief Minister Magadheera Munimanikyam.
- Boss, don't shout!
- Boss, stop it.
- All hail!
Boss, father didn't
die of natural causes.
- The younger boss killed him.
- What?
All hail Chief
Minister Mopi Devi!
- All hail Chief Minister Mopi Devi.
- Hail!
All hail Chief
Minister Mopi Devi.
Why did the boss switch sides?
What's the point of this
chair now that Dad is gone?
You... You sit.
- All hail Chief Minister Mopi Devi.
- All hail!
- Chief Minister Mopi Devi.
All hail!
- [indistinct kids shouting]
- Bye...!
[wedding percussions]
[holy chants]
I feel like chewing
Ram off like that!
- Shall we announce it now?
- Yes.
It's not public among
the people, right?
Is the funeral happening
behind the Secretariat?
Or is it at Dad's farmhouse?
Before that,
We have to perform the final
rites for another person.
Telugu people's ray
of hope is now gone.
Chief Minister Bobbili
Sathyamurthy is no more.
Sathyamurthy Era has come
to an end in Andhra Pradesh.
Sir... we are arresting you.
Arrest? Why?
An FIR has been registered against
you in the minister assault case.
Ram.
Let's go.
They have arrested my brother.
[goats bleating]
Hey! Tighten the security there.
- Come on.
- Hurry up!
- Hey - Lets go!
Hey!
What the hell is going on here?
As part of our tradition, it's perfectly
fine to give just three scissor cuts.
No.
- My dad is my lifeline.
- Oh..!
Take everything.
Brother!
If you become the Chief
Minister tomorrow,
Visiting certain places
could be unpleasant.
It's sympathy.
That's politics.
You fool!
[explosion] [goats bleating]
The leader's departure has
left us in unimaginable sorrow.
His final wish has been,
captured in this video.
- Hello.
- [crowd cheering]
Control room calling.
I aimed to deliver exceptional
governance for at least one year.
It didn't pan out.
It should at least
happen after I'm gone.
That's why...
I have made a decision.
The Vizag Collector Ram Nandan
who was suspended recently,
I am appointing him as the
Chief Minister of this state.
Sir.
Sorry, sir. Please forgive me.
From now on, Ram Nandan
will be my successor.
He must set fire to my pyre.
This is my heartfelt wish.
All hails Chief
Minister Ram Nandan!
Sir, Minister Sabhapathy
has sent me to bring you.
Chief Minister is
on the way, sir.
- All hail our dear politician Ram Nandan!
- Long live!
- CM Ram Nandan!
[gunshot]
You wasted your hair, brother.
"Like lightning, my spirit boils the
village is alive with a festival"
"The evil is not ready
to face your wrath"
"Konda Devara!"
"Those with evil thoughts
will be buried into the earth"
"Help us drive such people
away from the village"
"Konda Devara"
- We'll not forsake...
- [all] Our rights!
- Our village! Hillock, too, ours!
- We won't let them go!
Why are you protesting, Appanna?
The hill is our bedrock.
It is home to animals, mineral
resources, water, everything!
But now, humans have learned
to convert forests into cash!
They saw the
resources in our hill.
They started mining iron ore.
If they're not stopped, they'll take
over both the hill and our town!
- We'll have to abandon our roots.
- [all] Yes! Yes!
- Greetings.
Take this.
Stop!
Take it now.
What else?
How do you manufacture this plate
if you don't want to mine iron?
We need iron for everything!
How is it fair to protest
mining only in your town?
We can only mine it
where it's available!
Go on. Eat.
You can see the
plate, right? Now eat!
You think we fruit farmers don't
know how to produce our own plates?
Take your dishes and leave!
- Hey!
- Sir, please sit.
2,000 families in this town will be
at a loss because of this protest!
No! The next 20 generations
will gain from this.
Mukunda! Let's go!
Hey! We have
governmental authority!
The owners of that
authority are on our side!
"You've adorned the sun like
a crimson dot on our forehead"
"Filling our lives with light"
"Painting the night sky
with silver moonlight"
"You swayed us to sleep
with your lullaby"
"You are our pillar of strength
our guardian with a thousand eyes"
"You will be our mother, our
supporter always showing us the way"
The government has ordered the
iron company to stop mining!
They're leaving! We're
getting our hill back!
We've won, brother!
"Konda Devara!"
"You are our savior!"
"Our hearts, your home"
Yes, ma'am. How can I help you?
I want to send a petition
to the Collector.
- What's your name?
- Is brother home?
- Yeah. He's inside.
- Dear!
- What's the matter, Mukund?
- [all] Greetings, sir.
You've come with an army!
What issue are we
protesting now?
Not for protest, brother.
I've come to end
all the protests.
Let's start a political
party. You'll be our leader.
Why this, out of the blue?
We're living just
fine, aren't we?
How long do we keep
making requests?
Let's reach the position that
sanctions those requests!
You have supporters everywhere.
You can help a lot of
people if you join politics.
Politics is like a cockroach.
It'll ruin our honesty
without our knowledge!
You're a diamond, honey!
No worm can bite you!
Exactly right!
All the petitions I'm writing
haven't gotten us any results.
But you'll definitely bring in change
if such petitions were to reach you!
[all] Yes!
- No need for petitions once he's in power!
- [all] Exactly!
Humans are in
charge of protests.
But money is in
charge of politics!
It's not my cup
of tea. I'm sorry.
Let's do politics
without money, brother!
I swear to you!
We'll support your wish to
do politics without money!
- Yes, brother. We'll support you.
- Please say yes.
You shouldn't hesitate
to do a good deed, dear.
- Say yes.
- Say yes, Dad.
[both] Say yes, brother.
We'll stand behind you!
We'll be with you.
I agree.
The future of
Andhra will change!
- Our leader.
- May he flourish!
[music mutes voices]
PROGRESS PARTY.
As a social worker,
I know the needs of
the public very well.
Protest paves the way to change!
Political power paves
the way to do good deeds!
To get that power,
I'm starting the
Abhudayam party!
Dear media reporters,
you must all
support our party.
What are your party's
principles and agenda?
It's...
We're holding a
convention on the 10th.
We'll share our party
principles and agenda there.
- What can we report without the agenda?
- Exactly!
I mean...
- The...
- Brother...
- Politics without money!
- [people applause and cheering]
Namaste. See you later.
He can do politics without money, but
how will he do it without talking?
Who knows!
Whose fault is that? We're fighting to
change them for the better, like us...
Not to change ourselves
to be like them!
"I'm a ripple of beauty
drenched in dream-lit waves"
"Why won't you grace me
with your words, my king?"
"O parrot-nosed king
my heart takes wing"
"I'll search the world but
none like you I'll find"
"What stirs the storm
in your royal eyes?"
"My king gleams like
the sunlit gold"
"He's the moon, painting
the sky with endless light"
"Every glance at you becomes
a celebration in my heart"
"The hill hums your
name in every breeze"
"O king, make my
heart your kingdom"
"You are the rhythm
Of my heart, my lord"
Our party is here to provide
service, not to make money!
If one of us ever takes a
bribe, the public can...
[stammers]
This party belongs
to the public!
Any future assets of the party
will also belong to the public!
It doesn't belong to
anyone else! Ever!
Dear! What happened?
Me talking without stammering feels
like a distant dream, Parvathi!
"A swirling cave, like
a pearl in your eyes"
"O King!"
"O charming moon!"
"Will your wings carry the
labyrinth of my heart?"
"A whisper of yellow
dawn, sweet and bright"
"Her cheeks glow, threaded
with the hue of dawn"
"You are the sun
that lights my soul"
"O king, make my
heart your kingdom"
"You are the rhythm
of my heart, my lord"
I've made a decision.
I'll not s... speak.
Find me a good speaker.
The public can listen to my
aspirations through his voice.
[music mutes voices]
- What are you saying?
- No, brother! You must speak!
- How can someone else share your words?
- The voice is not important, Mukunda.
Us being the public's voice
is what it's all about!
Sir, this is my best friend.
Sathyamurthy. He's your admirer.
- He speaks well.
- Greetings.
Greetings.
With our Appanna's blessings,
I'll start my speech.
All these days, political leaders
would start their own parties.
Every leader has a party. But
is there a party for the public?
No! That's why! We started
this party for the public!
Abhudayam party!
You're our leaders. You all
must govern our country!
Our efforts are all for you!
Our energy is for you!
We'll take your dreams and future
as ours, and enter the Assembly!
Brother! He's getting the
applause that you deserve!
Applause isn't important.
I'm happy as long as our
agenda reaches the public.
A country is not just the soil,
it's the people who live there!
Let's walk in the footsteps of
Gurajada, who gave us these words.
It's not money or designations!
It is for our
future generations!
Our party's aim
is public service!
Our Abhudayam party
is a roaring lion!
It looks like the public might
choose him to be the Chief Minister!
The farmers who feed us
shouldn't shed a single tear!
They shouldn't have to
protest for justice!
Farmers should
have a bright fu...
Our party's CM candidate is...
is Sathyamurthy brother!
Brother.
The elections are approaching.
The public is
largely in our favor.
But we'll have to spend
a little cash, brother.
Don't get any
posters or cutouts.
It is an... unnecessary expense.
The other party folks are paying
five hundred rupees per vote...
The voters will expect a
little something from us, too.
Mukunda...
Is it... really you?
The whole idea behind this party
was to do politics without money.
That's true. But we should
first win to make that happen.
And we need money to win.
What are you saying?
Even the industrialists
are sure that we'll win!
Some of them are
patriotic, just like us.
They're ready to provide
funds for our party.
Who are they?
Don't you recognize him?
Who is he?
He's the iron company guy that
we kicked out of the hill!
He has 22 such
companies across India!
He wants me to beg in front of
the guy who we pledged to oppose!
They're not asking for anything
in return for the funds, brother.
Oh, are they giving it for free?
Do you really believe that?
Politics is like a parasite!
I warned you before that it'll
spread dishonesty easily!
But I didn't expect it
to happen so quickly.
We'll have to follow the
old route to pave a new one.
It's not possible to pave it
where you stand without moving.
Meeting is different
from voting.
It's madness to think that
applause will turn into votes.
We shouldn't buy our victory,
or sell ourselves for it!
You're asking me to do both.
If I don't like my path,
I'll stop at the first step!
I'll dissolve the party!
We can't do anything
against his wishes, sir.
It's not so easy to gain
governmental authority.
Here's an advance.
If you say no, this money
will go to a different party.
If not now, you won't
get another chance!
There's a call for you, brother.
- Hello?
- Mukund and Sathyamurthy
took money from the iron
company people, brother!
Arrange for...
a press meet tomorrow.
I'll announce that...
I'm dissolving the party!
Hey, Muni! Die man?
- Have you filled the sacks properly?
- Brother is shooting me!
Hey! Why are you
guys here? Go out!
Why are you scolding the kids?
- Thanks.
- Go. Make sure nobody comes here.
- Okay?
- [both] Yeah. Thank you, uncle.
- Hey!
- Uncle gave it to me, dude!
Hey! Get lost!
- [phone rings]
- Hello?
Namaste. I'm calling from
Sandhya Jyothi newspaper.
Appanna has a press meet tomorrow.
Can you tell me what it's about?
Uh... it's... actually...
It's better if you hear
it directly from him.
- See you tomorrow, okay?
- Okay, sir.
He's figured out that
we accepted the money.
He's called a press meet
tomorrow to dissolve the party.
What shall we do?
There's nothing we can do.
Before he comes back to town,
let's kidnap his family
and hide them somewhere!
We can release them
after the elections!
He'll call another press
meet and share the truth!
We'll lose our future
if that happens!
What shall we do, then?
If not now, you won't
get another chance!
[tires screeching] Hubby?
[groans in pain]
[groaning]
Parvathi?
Parvathi!
Hello?
Someone is trying to kill
my family and me, sir.
Help us!
- Who are you? What's your name?
- Sir...
Sir, the DSP is here.
- Tell me!
- It's...
- Tell me, man.
- Ah... I am...
[phone rings]
- Hello?
- It's me...
Appanna! Someone's
trying to kill us!
What are you saying,
brother? Where are you now?
The...
Tell me, brother.
- Vi...
- Tell me where you are.
I'm on the eastern road of the
hill. Near the fourth milestone.
Near the telephone booth.
Brother!
- Brother?
- My wife and son are missing.
We must look for them!
I haven't done any injustice
to deserve being murdered.
Do I have any enemies, Mukund?
Your honesty.
You too, Mukund?
I told you this was a bad idea.
Look! Politics has turned a
best friend into a traitor.
Turned a follower into a killer.
No. Let's forget everything!
Let's dissolve the party and
protest for public welfare as usual.
You have the right to
dissolve the party.
You don't have the right to
dissolve my dreams, though!
Hey! You're making a
mistake, Sathyamurthy!
Don't! Mukund, tell him.
We want both the harvest
and the plates, brother.
Mukund!
I'm sorry.
Mukund, check if
anyone is watching.
There's nobody around.
You're here, though.
- Brother!
- Mukund...
Hey! Sathyamu...
We didn't know where you
and your mother went.
To throw off party
workers' suspicions,
Sathyamurthy adopted
Mukunda's orphaned children.
Abhyudayam party achieved a roaring
victory with a majority of 300!
Bobbili Sathyamurthy took
charge as the Chief Minister.
He picked your name for Chief
Minister to assuage his guilt.
You made a mistake.
You hid the truth from me.
You made me perform, the last rites
of the person who killed my dad.
I'm sorry, son.
Sathyamurthy's
wish is my command.
I made a mistake to
fulfill his last wish.
Bless me, ma'am.
You have to fulfill the
dream of your father.
I don't need these anymore.
As per our leader's wish, I
propose Ram Nandan for the CM post.
I approve that.
Please come, Ram.
- All hail Chief Minister Ram Nandan...
- Long live!
One minute!
He can't be the CM!
Never!
There are so many party seniors
here. Do none of you know the rules?
To become CM, he should first
resign from his IAS post.
He'll resign before the
swearing-in ceremony.
He might resign...
But the Central government
has to accept his resignation.
I'll have to withdraw
my complaint against him
for them to accept
his resignation!
So, for him to become CM,
he doesn't need the accidence
of these 115 members.
Of just one person!
Me!
[all] Withdraw your
complaint! Withdraw it!
Okay, okay. I'll
withdraw my complaint.
Give me a written agreement
that I'll be the C.M!
We're asking you to withdraw
so he can become the C.M.
So? You want me to work for him?
I've dreamed of this
CM post all my life!
I started as a
common party worker.
I went to every last corner
of the state for party work!
I contributed to
the party's growth!
Shaved my head! Reverse.
MPTC, ZPTC, Mayor, MLA, Minister
I've taken step after step on
my own two feet to reach here!
So how can he come by helicopter
and directly land the CM post?
At the same time,
buy me a lollipop.
I'll keep sucking at it.
I'm not withdrawing it.
Not just my dad. I won't let you
become the CM, even over my dead body.
If not him, then who?
Our leader named you
as the party's heir.
So you decide who it should be.
Thank you for your
love and affection.
I never wanted to become
a political leader.
I don't understand politics.
This is an unexpected
opportunity.
Let me continue
as an IAS officer.
Let Mr. Mopi Devi become
the chief minister.
- CM Mopi Devi - Long live!
- C.M Mopi Devi - Long live!
All the best! Govern well.
Here you go.
What is this?
A letter on your behalf stating you'll
withdraw your complaint against him.
Mopi.
- What is this?
- Politricks!
His existence itself
is my complaint!
I'll not withdraw it. Get lost!
- CM Mopi Devi - Long live!
- I, - I, Bobbili Mopi Devi...
- What is this?
- To revoke Vizag Collector Ram Nandan's
suspension. More than 2,000 IAS officers
from all over India have sent petitions.
I will govern justly as the
Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh.
So I swear in the name of God.
How can we revoke the permission
without proper deliberation?
- That's out of law.
- There's a way, sir.
Several years ago in UP,
similar action was taken in the
case of IAS Suchitra Pandey.
Responding to the
petitions of officers,
the central government issued
directions to revoke the suspension.
He's a very rare, honest
and bold officer, sir.
- CM Mopi Devi!
- Long live!
Corporates, academician,
IT, health care, textiles.
Highways, real estate, orphanages,
etc., All petitions have come.
The first signature
should have some
weight-age. So sign this.
The first signature...
My first signature will be
on the forehead of that Ram.
Even if all the IAS officers come
together to revoke his suspension,
I'll transfer him to the remotest
location and the worst department.
Bring me his transfer order.
Sir! An important mail, sir.
Stop right there.
Please carry one, boss.
Wait up!
They could be American
President Donald Trump's wishes.
Go ahead. Read it.
- Boss! This is...
- Did they declare his CM post ineligible?
Reverse.
- They announced the elections, boss.
- Both mean the same.
- But I just took this seat.
- The elections will be held in two months.
Don't we have power for
another five months?
How could this be?
Sir, the election commission can announce
the elections anytime within six months.
- Boss!
- What now?
Do you know who's been appointed
as the election officer?
Who is it?
Congratulations, Mr. CM.
The elections are here.
Tell your party workers to
strictly follow the rules.
You may be unaware of the formalities
as you're new to this position.
Once the elections
are announced,
you can't form any policies.
All your powers are
restricted from this moment.
You can't pass any orders.
You can't sign any file.
Hey!
- What's this, man?
- Huh?
- Politricks.
- Oh!
You're handing me a transfer order
unaware of my transformation.
One year CM.
One month CM.
One week CM.
I've also seen a one-day CM.
But this is the first time
I'm seeing a one-hour CM.
You're no longer
the Chief Minister,
just a mere Minister now.
Wait!
What's this?
Just because you've become
the election officer,
you're feeling as if you've
become the Prime Minister.
All you may do is find
mistakes in nominations.
You'd stop the
canvassing after 10 pm.
You know how to
conduct the elections.
But I know how to win.
Elections will be done
within three months.
You won't be here after that.
I will be the Chief Minister of
this state for the next 30 years.
You're just the EO. What
can you possibly do, eh?
What's there to do anyway?
I'm unpredictable.
As aspired by Mr. Appanna,
moneyless politics is our target.
Our party's name is
Praja Abhyudayam.
The election commissioner has called
for a meeting with all the officers.
- Chief Electoral Officer speaking.
- Yes, sir.
The bad officers need
to be transferred.
Please share the details.
I'll send all of them away.
Number one,
Mallikarjun, Chief Secretary.
- Sir!
- Out!
How many of you are
correctly working...
How many are corrupted...
How many of you are
slaving for Mopi Devi...
I know all about it.
Fair elections are impossible
with people like this involved.
All of them...
[music mutes voices]
I need 100 percent
perfect, clean officers.
The Election Commission has never
shown its full powers anywhere.
Every election is being held
in favor of the politicians.
But this election...
should be held under
our directions.
Let's begin.
[crowd applauding]
Once we come back to power,
we'll build four new
colleges per district.
If we come to power,
we'll build a house for
every homeless family.
Everyone makes promises.
But who's keeping them?
How can we trust you?
We've put all our promises in writing
on this stamp paper and signed it.
If even one promise remains
unfulfilled after two years,
we'll hang our heads
in shame and resign.
[crowd cheering]
[woman 1]: Some electric
officer is here.
Accepting money for
your vote is wrong.
[all women laughing]
If we go after money,
the government follows suit.
Sir,
we benefit nothing from
these politicians winning.
They give us just
so they can win.
We will be able to eat
a good meal that day.
And buy a pair of clothes.
- Why do you oppose us?
- Accepting money is punishable by law.
- We'll have to arrest all of you.
- If you decide to arrest us,
you'd be arresting
all the villagers.
Can you practically do it?
Sir, no matter how you explain,
they'll surely accept it.
It's not their mistake, though.
It's the politicians who
ensure they remain poor.
Then...
let's turn the politicians poor.
Make way.
Boss! They're demanding
20,000 per vote, boss.
20,000 per vote?
- That could pay for four elections.
- But we don't have another option.
- We'll have to give it.
- What if we lose by chance?
Everything that we've looted and
stashed till today will be wiped off.
Not a chance! No one but us
will be able to pay this much.
We'll give it and
snatch it away promptly.
Let's milk a 1,000-rupee
bribe where just 100 would do.
Let's sell a sand load worth
6000 rupees for 18000 rupees.
You took money and
voted, didn't you?
Things only move when
money is involved...
We'll tell them.
What's this?
Little brother's breaking
eggs on his bald head?
And even marked it!
Crores of currency is being
transported in containers, sir.
Don't seize it. Let it pass.
- Sir?
- Yes. Leave it.
- Looks like he too, is sold out.
- Let it pass.
♪ He'll reveal every truth of
you He'll straighten you up ♪
♪ He'll finish you if you mess
with him He's unpredictable ♪
Accept this one lakh
and vote for our party.
One lakh rupees for five votes?!
♪ Brother He's unpredictable ♪
♪ He's coming for you
Hurry up and hide ♪
♪ He never misses a single shot
Brother, he's unpredictable ♪
- CM Mopi Devi!
- Zindabad!
Hello, Mr. Unpredictable!
Have you predicted my win?
Not a garland or a shawl...
Why are you here
with empty hands?
You're just a minister,
so he came just like that.
Hey!
I did bring something.
Read it.
What's this?
This is a notice for
misusing government property.
Hey...
the government itself is our
property. What's he talking about?
Unpredictable!
Once the election notification is
issued, not just the candidates
but even the CM can't
use government vehicles.
For using this government flight against
the rules, you're fined 25 lakhs.
Pay this to the election
commission immediately.
What if I don't?
Your nomination
will be canceled.
Just 25 lakhs, right?
Pay that off, guys.
Sir...
We found a truck
full of money, sir.
- Whose is it?
- It belongs to Magadheera's, sir.
- Let it go.
- Sir!
I'm telling you. Let it go.
Move it. Move it.
- Mopi Devi!
- Zindabad!
He'd be here just before
stepping into the car.
- Guys, have you paid the fine?
- Yes, boss.
- What now?
- I just wanted to give you this receipt.
Huh! The Chief Electoral
Officer himself for a receipt?
Wow! Sharp!
- Satyam.
- According to rules,
for the election
canvassing, each candidate
is allowed to spend
only 40 lakh rupees.
You've already blown off 25
lakhs just for the flight.
So, from meeting people
to the public meetings
you'll have to use only that
remaining 15 lakh rupees.
- If not?
- Mopi can forget his trophy.
Your boss can't
contest the elections.
What's this, boss? My heart
melts to see you like this.
Just give me a nod.
I'll crush that troublemaker into
a pulp with a tractor tonight.
If we do that, he'll die.
But can death erase
the insult he caused?
- Just a minister.
- Argh!
Once I become the permanent Chief
Minister after winning this election,
I'll crush him with
a tractor myself.
Peddabbai's container has
reached the NTR district, sir.
- Should we let it go?
- No.
- Sir?
- The hunt begins!
I'm coming.
What is he doing?
♪ Don't mess with him He'll
settle the score in seconds ♪
♪ He's here to bring
Momentum to the state ♪
Seize it.
But haven't you let
them go all these days?
We'll let it go, then grab it back!
We'll release it and seize it again!
Hey! You dare seize
Magadheera's container?
- Boss.
- What!
They seized it in our constituency
not knowing it's your container.
Who's that? Who
the hell seized it?
Have a look. Unpredictable.
Hi, Mr. Maghadeera.
Against the election rules,
you've brought 200 crore
into your constituency.
It's not my container.
You dare seize
Magadheera's container?
I've just sent you an email.
I'm disqualifying your nomination
for violating election rules.
You can't contest
the election now.
Are you really Maghadeera?
Useless fellow!
Everything's lost now.
Get lost!
Go to the women's wing and blow a big
brrrr right in their belly button!
Brother. I've heard he made you walk a
marathon after you've taken a flight.
Oh god!
I'm already dealing with a wound, and
now you're rubbing chili powder on it?
Just watch.
On polling day,
I'll make him forget everything
and fold him up neatly.
Andhra Pradhesh State Assembly
Election is been going on since 7 a.m.
Inspector, I hope there
isn't any loss of life.
No, sir. Since the polling hasn't
begun yet, there isn't any loss.
Is this how the election commission
makes security arrangements?
How can the public come
forward to vote fearlessly?
Very bad morning, Chief
Electoral Officer.
This is Mopi Devi's map.
There are 1,09,867
booths in this state.
Randomly,
I've placed bombs
in seven places.
Even I'm not sure which booth
in which district has the bomb.
Hey!
My people will come
and rig the votes.
Shut yourself up and
cooperate with us.
If you stand in the way,
or stop any one of us...
I've got no idea where the
bomb's going to explode
and how many people will die.
Boom! Boom! Have a blast!
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!
- Hello.
- Vote rigging gangs are here, sir.
A lot of people are coming to cast
fake votes, sir. They are in line.
Should we arrest them, sir?
No. Leave them.
- Sir!
- You heard me right.
Leave them.
Congratulations, my dear young and
dynamic Chief Electoral Officer.
The first phase of the election is
completed without any disturbance,
thanks to you.
My guys cast their
votes nice and easy.
So...
Want me to tell you something that'll burn
a part of your body that isn't visible?
Not seven places...
I haven't planted a
bomb anywhere at all.
But I did!
Where?
- Right here.
- Happy Valentine's Day.
All these people rubbed off the
ink on their finger with chemical
and cast fake votes.
The chemical was adulterated.
So, it caused an infection.
- Oh no! What now?
- Not much.
Oh my!
- The finger will rot.
- God!
They'll have to amputate it.
Quarter liquor and a biryani
is costing us one finger!
I'm done for, God!
Under section 171(d), it's
an unforgivable offense.
Arrest them and put
them in the van.
Twenty booths per constituency,
your people cast fake
votes across the state.
All those booths
will now have a re-election.
Hey! Just a minister...
You may have placed
a non-existent bomb.
But I've targeted your seat!
- That could pay for four elections.
- But we don't have another option.
We'll have to give it.
What if we lose by chance?
No chance! We'll give it
and snatch it away promptly!
If the timing is missing...
Did he leave?
Oh God!
- Hey, circus uncle.
- No, side uncle.
Side, please. Move
aside, make way.
Side, please.
Side please.
Why are you two still here?
You should've been done with
the first show in the room.
Brother and sister-in-law
are in the room.
What are they doing inside?
Isn't the first night for you?
They're decorating it for us.
This should've happened
to us six months back.
We'll have to wait because
our horoscopes say so!
Gums!
Hey!
Chix!
Gumthax!
Get lost, you 13 seconds!
I've got permission
for any seconds.
Only after the wedding.
Let's do the full wedding later.
For now, let's settle for
a three-fourths wedding.
Three-fourths wedding?
The tying of the knot can wait,
but let's do everything else now.
Hey! Won't it seem like
crossing cultural boundaries?
Nah! Going this far without tying the knot
is what makes it a three-fourths wedding.
♪ The charming guy teased
Of a three-fourths wedding ♪
♪ He called for romance
first The wedding can wait ♪
♪ Gums ♪
♪ Gumthax ♪
♪ Chix ♪
♪ Step aside, make
way, Here she comes ♪
♪ A moonbeam draped In
a dazzling jacket! ♪
♪ Step aside, make
way, Here she comes ♪
♪ A paradise wrapped
in a flowing skirt! ♪
♪ A six-pack devil ♪
♪ He'll crush those
Who break the system ♪
♪ Like a thunderstorm His charm
swipes through tinder space ♪
♪ Step aside, make
way, Here he comes ♪
♪ A superstar,
Straight from Mars! ♪
♪ Look at the lad His
glance sparks madness ♪
♪ See the dashing boy
He pulls hearts astray ♪
♪ Step aside, make way, here he comes
The star among all shining stars! ♪
♪ The charming guy teased
Of a three-fourths wedding ♪
♪ Gumthax ♪
♪ Bold and brash,
like Elon Musk ♪
♪ Taking risks is
just his tusk ♪
♪ Hulk wrapped in a sleek silk
shirt Eyes gleaming and dazzling ♪
♪ Press the bell button
And surprise us ♪
♪ Gums ♪
♪ Chix ♪
♪ Gumthax ♪
♪ Gums Chix Gumthax ♪
♪ My cheeks are his
PUBG battlefield ♪
♪ His love strikes bloom
Thrice a day on petals ♪
♪ Hey, where's
this girl hiding? ♪
♪ Hey! Oh, oh, oh! ♪
♪ Wherever she hides ♪
♪ She launches drone
Strikes in my dreams ♪
♪ No super-sonic or hyper-sonic
Can match his speed! ♪
♪ Move aside, make way ♪
♪ Even Google is in
Search of this dame! ♪
♪ Move aside, make way ♪
♪ The flower to beat
All flowers is here! ♪
♪ A six-pack devil ♪
♪ He'll crush those
Who break the system ♪
♪ Like a thunderstorm ♪
♪ His charm swipes
Through tinder space ♪
♪ Step aside, make
way, Here comes ♪
♪ The kiss-firing Kalashnikov! ♪
♪ Look at the lad His
glance sparks madness ♪
♪ Checkout the dashing boy
He pulls hearts astray ♪
♪ Step aside, make way! ♪
♪ Here comes the sly charmer
Kicking up a storm! ♪
♪ Chix! ♪
♪ Gums! ♪
He's Appanna.
She's Parvathamma.
Their son is Ram Nandhan.
An election officer must work
impartially, treating all parties equally.
He showed clear bias in favor of
the party named after his father.
That's why the exit polls are
predicting a victory for their party.
Sir, I'm asking
you only one thing.
If his father's
party is competing,
how can he work as
the election officer?
Sorry, sir.
That's why I'm pleading
with you, humbly.
Remove him from that post.
Declare the election void
and call for a re-election.
Please protect the democracy.
- What's your response to this, Mr. Ram?
- Look at my records.
They are my parents.
So?
Are they not your parents?
According to the law,
they are my legal parents.
Hey! Say either yes or no.
Leaving that, you say "These
are my legal parents."
"They are my parents
on the Aadhaar card."
on the ration card."
You are saying the same
things over and over.
Sir, any proof related to me
will show that they
are my parents.
- You!
- Mr. Mopi.
- Prove they are not your parents.
- Why should I prove it?
- It's unnecessary.
- [both] You must do it.
This is a very grave allegation.
Appanna looks just like you.
You have to prove it.
He's no more, sir.
You have your mother, right?
I mean his wife.
Who is he?
My husband.
What about him?
My son.
What do you say now?
Sir...
She's mentally challenged.
Her statements are
not legally binding.
Conduct a DNA test, sir.
We will know the truth.
Yes. It's mandatory.
If the DNA test proves
she's your mother,
the law will recognize
it as the truth.
You know it. Right?
Yes, sir.
Arrange for a DNA
test for him and her.
Until then, keep her
in government custody.
You'll be wiped off.
Everyone will be wiped off.
Sir, this is the constable speaking
from the women's guest house.
Your mother is missing, sir.
What? Mom is missing?
When did you last see her?
She needed my phone to listen to music
as she was having trouble sleeping.
That's when I last saw her.
- Did you listen to the sound of songs?
- No, sir.
Give me the phone.
If we get a DNA test
or hair follicles,
saliva or a small fingernail,
we will know the
relationships between people.
This is sulfuric acid.
It's very dangerous.
If a human body or
skeleton falls into it,
it will be dissolved completely.
When we placed a tooth in it...
Mom!
Mom.
She is mentally challenged.
Her statements are
not legally binding.
Mom! Mom!
There is no proof to
confirm Officer Ram Nandhan
as the son of
Parvathamma and Appanna.
This case has been dismissed
as a proofless allegation.
Under the supervision of
polling officer Ram Nandhan,
the second round of elections concluded
peacefully, without any incidents.
Exit polls predict a win for the Praja
Abhyudayam party, led by Sabhapathy.
He won't stay quiet even
after the elections.
The counting happens
the day after tomorrow.
He will definitely
create a problem.
There should be riots in all the
13 counting centers in Vizag.
The elections will be canceled
if there are riots in 13 centers.
There are a total of
90 counting centers.
How can we predict the centers
where riots could erupt?
Issue an order to release all the
rowdies arrested during the elections.
Use SIM cards to
trace their movements.
The places these rowdies
go to will witness riots.
They have planned riots
in these 13 centers.
We should get all the counting
machines to a single point.
Super, sir.
Inform all the counting agents.
If we notify them now,
they could easily destroy all
the machines while being shipped.
Notifying them is a rule.
Not one vehicle should
exit this compound.
If it does, destroy all the
vehicles and voting machines.
How can we shift the machines
by overpowering them, sir?
From today Morning 8AM.Election
counting process is going to start.
The riots may start
at any moment.
There are just 60 of
us. What do we do, sir?
All of you leave.
Sir..!
Your lives are important to me.
Prevent the public and
media from coming here.
- Yes, sir.
- Disperse.
Go!
Destroy everything.
Sathya, give this to everyone.
Sweep them.
Throw it!
Smash them Chotu.
Who is he?
In this Election PrajaAbhuydayam Party
has won in 155 Places has come to Power.
Ram Nandhan has resigned
from his electoral post.
Praja Abhudayam party has unanimously
elected Ram Nandhan as the Chief Minister.
Party Members and other well
wishers are Celebrating.
Swiggy comes on Suzuki. But
the CM is coming on a bicycle!
Hello.
I'm not looking to rule the
people as a Chief Minister.
I want to serve you
as the Chief Worker.
Every family dreams of
living in their own home.
It should not remain a dream.
It should come true.
For every family without a home,
a hall, kitchen, and
a single-bedroom flat
will be built by the
government on government land.
Give him the microphone.
Sir, where is the government
getting money for all this?
It's alright to pause the state
highway road budget for a year.
With that money, we can build a home
for those without their own home.
Education and
healthcare are free.
How will the government fund it?
If the government funds are not looted,
we'll have money for all of this.
Voting is compulsory.
We will cut off electricity and water
supply for those who don't vote.
If someone can't give their time to
the country to even ink their finger,
the country should not
give anything to them.
Let's try to get this bill
passed in the parliament.
Next, the support department.
People will face some
problems every day.
They cannot go to the police
station for every issue.
Solving a problem that takes only
an hour, within the same hour.
Solving a problem that takes
only a day, within the same day.
They will be solved
on a priority basis.
Just like the ambulance, we'll have
a police patrol van in every ward.
It'll be doing the rounds with
a green siren and 141 number.
You don't have to
come searching for us.
We'll come searching for you.
Why?
Should only Swiggy, Zomato, Amazon and
Big Basket come searching for your homes?
This government comes and
serves you at your doorstep.
I...
I, Ram...
♪ Like lightning, my spirit boils The
village is alive with a festival ♪
♪ The evil is not ready
To face your wrath ♪
♪ Konda Devara! ♪
♪ Those with evil thoughts
Will be buried into the earth ♪
♪ Help us drive such people
Away from the village ♪
♪ Konda Devara! ♪
♪ You've adorned the sun Like
a crimson dot on our forehead ♪
♪ Filling our lives with light ♪
♪ Painting the night sky
With silver moonlight ♪
♪ You swayed us to sleep
With your lullaby ♪
♪ You are our
pillar of strength ♪
♪ Our guardian with
a thousand eyes ♪
♪ You will be our
mother, our supporter ♪
♪ Always showing us the way ♪
♪ Look at the stone's strength, like
our mother's heart filled with life ♪
♪ Let's hit the target, raise the bow,
and charge with sweet determination ♪
♪ Konda Devara! ♪
♪ Konda Devara, the
earth and air is ours ♪
♪ Konda Devara, is our
motherland's soil ♪
♪ Konda Devara ♪
♪ Your the Saviour ♪
♪ your heart's depth ♪
♪ Konda Devara ♪
♪ Your the Saviour ♪
♪ your heart's depth ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm